Accessibility changes to conf includes A-H (#1707)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/forced-root-block.md

## `forced_root_block`

This option enables you to make sure that any non block elements or text nodes are wrapped in block elements. For example `<strong>something</strong>` will result in output like: `<p><strong>something</strong></p>`. This option is enabled by default as of version 3.0.

If you set this option to `false` it will never produce `p` tags on enter, or, automatically it will instead produce `br` elements and `Shift+Enter` will produce a `p`.

> > **Warning**: Not using `p` elements as root block negatively affect the functionality of the editor.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite read right to me though it could just be me. Would `affects` be more suitable?

Author: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: Not using `p` elements as the root block will impair the functionality of the editor.
```

Reviewer: I would be happy with that.
